#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\begin_local_layout
Counter section
         Within               part
End
\end_local_layout
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Assignment 2
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Alexandros Combas
\end_layout

\begin_layout Date
May 10th, 2020
\end_layout

\begin_layout Part
Problem Solving and Decision-Making (35 Marks)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
What was the difference between the way Scott and Perez viewed the problem
 in this case? (10 marks)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The general manager Scott looked at the problem from a top-down perspective,
 he thought that the fundamental problem with his sales staff was that they
 were too slow.
 Too slow to meet and greet customers, and to determine the buyers' needs.
 If this was truly the basic problem then the solution would be for the
 staff to become quicker at doing their job.
 However, the way that Perez earned his many successes was not through speed,
 in fact just the opposite.
 Instead of rushing his customer he would allow them to casually talk with
 other members of the staff, and then the other staff members would pass
 Perez pertinent tips about what the customers truly wanted, as well as
 other information that the staff had picked up during their casual conversation
 with the customer.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There was also another difference, Scott believed that good sales numbers
 were the result of good individual salespeople, however, Perez demonstrated
 that it took a close-knit team of friends working together to generate
 his own high sales numbers.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
How did the initial problem definition affect the approach to, and solution
 of, the problem? (10 marks)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The initial way that Scott looked at the problem was that the individual
 salespeople needed to simply work harder and faster to improve their sales,
 this lead him to believe that the solution to this problem could be discovered
 by a brainstorming session with other members of management.
 Presumably if he had continued with this line of thinking he would have
 then written some tips to be handed out to the sales force that was based
 on the results of the brainstorming meeting.
 Although it is possible that these tips would have been helpful, it is
 doubtful that this would have resulted in a dramatic turn around in sales
 numbers.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The actual solution to the problem was found among the salespeople themselves,
 as the successful salesman Perez was promoted to a trainer/manager position,
 and then he personally worked together with the other members of the sales
 force to share his proven techniques of becoming friends with the other
 members of the company and passing along to them gifts and treats when
 they have him successful tips.
 Perez working closely with the other members of the sales team also generated
 new ideas for how to improve sales all on its own.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
List the major way in which Scott can apply what he learned from this situation
 to continue improving the quality and productivity of the new car sales
 force? (10 marks)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Going forward it would make sense that Scott would continue to look for
 the highly successful salespeople who have proven themselves over a number
 of years and then promote them to positions where they can pass their training
 and skills onto the other workers.
 It would also be a good idea for Scott to try to talk more often with members
 of his sales staff, if he had not stopped to speak with Perez then none
 of this would have happened.
 Finally, since Perez's technique relies heavily upon giving gifts and treats
 to other members of the company who would supply him with important tips
 about customers it would be a good idea to formalize this system and give
 those members of the company who contribute to a sale a monetary bonus
 as an incentive.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Does the decision-making process vary depending on where a manager or supervisor
 is located in the managerial hierarchy? Discuss.
 (5 marks)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Higher-level managers will tend to look at the company from a different
 perspective than a lower-level manager.
 Upper management concern themselves with the bigger picture and often fail
 to notice the smaller details that a manager who is closer to the front
 line will pick up on.
 For example, Scott tried to come up with some big picture solution to the
 problems by having a brainstorming session with other managers, but Perez
 was successful because he was willing to buy lunch for the cashiers or
 others if they gave him a good tip, and that is a simple and low-level
 concept that upper managers probably wouldn't come up with on their own.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Part
Organizing (35 marks)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Using the concept of unity of command, explain the cause of Simpson's angry
 outburst.
 (5 marks)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
hello world
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
What could White have done differently when he first was asked to appoint
 someone from his department to the team? What could he have done to ensure
 that Simpson's workload was more manageable? (15 marks)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
testing
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
What should Simms do now, both to fill the vacant position and to prevent
 a similar problem from occuring in the future? (15 marks)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Part
Staffing and Recruiting (30 marks)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
As a department supervisor, what decision(s) should Destiny make in regard
 to this romance? Consider how Destiney should respond to other employees'
 uneasiness, while still maintaining an ethical stance towards the situation.
 (15 marks)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
temp
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Identify and discuss several areas in which Max Brown's initial experience
 in Store #21 could have been improved by a proper orientation.
 (15 marks)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
temp
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
